Ack Textmate Bundle.
Version 0.1

Type command-shift-a to ack your project in TextMate... 'nuff said.  

You can learn more about ack at <a href="http://petdance.com/ack/">http://petdance.com/ack/</a>.

<h2>Installation</h2>

* Run this:
 
<pre>
cd ~/Library/Application\ Support/TextMate/Bundles
git clone git://github.com/protocool/ack-tmbundle.git Ack.tmbundle
</pre>

<h2>Bugs</h2>

You can <a href="http://protocool.lighthouseapp.com/projects/15530-ack-tmbundle/home">file tickets for any bugs using LightHouse</a>.

<h2>Notes</h2>

The ack-standalone.sh script from <a href="http://petdance.com/ack/">http://petdance.com/ack/</a> is included in this bundle.  You can use a different version of ack by setting the TM_ACK environment variable to point to your version.

This bundle has only been tested against this particular version of ack-standalone.

<h2>Per-project .ackrc</h2>

Ack normally honors the settings in your $HOME/.ackrc file.  Additionally, any .ackrc file in your project directory (TM_PROJECT_DIRECTORY) will also be read.

You can switch-off loading of any .ackrc files in the 'Advanced options' drawer.

<h2>Background</h2>

The code is based on GrepInProject++ which was itself based on other's code as below:

<pre>
# By Henrik Nyh (http://henrik.nyh.se) 2007-06-26
# Free to modify and redistribute with credit.

# Includes some minor modifications by Max (http://max.xaok.org/webtek) 2007-08-01
# Adds search UI plus some minor modifications by Robert Thurnher (http://soup.robert42.com) 2007-08-11
# Further modifications by Trevor Squires (http://somethinglearned.com) 2008-05-21
</pre>
